what is this are you magnify that's cool
I don't know if there's like a notepad
thing I'm your weaselly you're going to
care in about you your hair is always
blaring sounds like a song on guitar
accessories hold that
you like you two of your sandals on a
chorus d of course yeah it's right so
you're just a mrs. in the chorus then
you do to tanzania wisdom
it's a damn tree we cannot wait listen
let's not how he's playing the chords
because he he doesn't one way right and
then he goes to different chords when
you sing it the same way as beginning so
you need like ancient
to make me sound amazing I don't want to
have to do work you know make me sound
gonna do everything I renew all the work
then regardless of what you are doing
hip bro all right you ready from the top
your hair is always blaring brakes are
always
trust me we can't wait
we have the
you cannot be this way you don't love
hair is always blaring brakes are always
feeling you need another to every stock
here way it's so damn frustrating you
cannot wait I'm glad a holic together